# NASA Space Data Application

## Overview
 This project is a full-stack web application that uses NASA's Open APIs to showcase space-related data, specifically the Astronomy Picture of the Day (APOD). It features a React frontend and a Node.js backend that are already hosted and accessible via live links.

---

## Features

- Displays the **Astronomy Picture of the Day (APOD)** along with its title and explanation.
- Shows **loading** and **error states** while fetching data.
- Uses **React** for a responsive and user-friendly interface.
- The **Node.js backend** fetches data from NASA's API and serves it to the frontend.

## Project Structure

```bash
/nasa-app
  ├── /src
    ├── /components        # React components for the landing page /not used currently
    ├── /assets            # Images and static files /not used currently 
    ├── App.js             # Main React app file that handles the UI and logic
    ├── App.css            # Styles for the main app component
    ├── index.js           # Entry point for the React app
    ├── index.css          # Global styles for the app
                           # currently not used and could be used  auto generated by "npm create-react-app app_name"
  ├── /public
    ├── index.html         # Main HTML file for the frontend /not used currently 
  ├── package.json         # Frontend dependencies and metadata
  ├── README.md            # Project documentation
  
```

## GitHub Repositories

- **Web1 (APOD App)**:
  - **Backend**: [APOD Backend GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Ananyanayaka/nasa-app-Backend-APOD)
---

## How to Use

The frontend and backend are already hosted and running. You can visit the following URLs to interact with the application:

- **Frontend (React App)**: [NASA Space Data Frontend](https://nasa-frontend-apod.vercel.app/)
- **Backend API**: [NASA Space Data API](https://nasa-backend-ananya-8a0f587afdfc.herokuapp.com/)

No setup is required. Simply visit the live demo links to view the **Astronomy Picture of the Day (APOD)** along with its title and explanation.

## API Key Setup

The backend makes requests to NASA's API to fetch the Astronomy Picture of the Day (APOD). No need to configure an API key on your local machine, as the backend has been set up to use the key.
---

## Acknowledgements
- Thanks to NASA for providing the Open APIs!
- React.js for being an excellent frontend framework.
- Vercel and Heroku for making deployment easy.

---

